hello my name is andrew and work
in company 1 we repair trucks
seven days a week in the city of Vladivostok
so the most common question diesel stalled
on the move froze what do the simplest
tips on what we need to do with you
warm up the diesel but I assume that
she herself frozen diesel means us
need with you on these you there torch and
warm fuel tank fuel wire
if he is metal of course if he
rubber how you need to do very much
it's neat so as not to burn anything
fuel tubes that go in pairs to
fuel pump and directly fuel pump itself
so your diesel is frozen on the move
you are some kind of improvised means
tried warmed up the diesel in the tank
went through the pipeline but so machine
does not start turns to idle what you need
first look to check but
First of all, we need you to go with you
find and reticulum which is in
socks swap on the pump is there next to the pump
and clean the antenna
if the mesh is fine and the engine
continue operations do not start then
we need to unscrew you
spray nozzles from the nozzles and scroll
sort of a starter until with
diesel fuel tubing will not go as we
distinct we will see then it will be necessary
screw back and start the engine
it will be good if you use
ether and if you alleviate this launch
you have at hand was not possible ether
use the old antiquated method
torch that is, we take with you or
gas burner if you have or
just create from improvised means
torch remove the air filter and there
when winding near the filter then
it turns out on the engine itself takes
hot air which makes launching easier
motor
so by example
motor 12 th we have here beside you
pump on his example will show where the mesh
can be placed as an option and but also
how to search
it means that there is a pump on the side of the pump
swap show you proofreads well here
this pumping pump is also called
soldier commoners and behold
suitable tube to him here she is
here is just how we her
unscrew when we turn off there inside
There will be a mesh, it can be plastic
it is our task to get it
and clean
if there is any paraffin or dirt there
there have been cases when you and I have
here from incoming and this is our return
there is a ball socket here
the so -called return valve
keeps pressure in the fuel pump and when under it
garbage falls accordingly
fuel pressure is not maintained and fuel
on the go themselves and the engine is gloh that is
the same paraffin can get here
of cancel valve so its you right there
warms up if we have something with you
also happened in the booster pump
there we have valves themselves but
plastic mostly never under them
paraffin or dirt gets into our
case of paraffin frozen fuel he
can also dump diesel in the tank and
our own engines and can not make
that is exactly the same when we for example
themselves already warmed up the car and try
start it does not start it means something
that the diesel we have ourselves blown for
it needs help pump
need to unscrew the tube from the injectors need
unscrew the hands of the injectors and wait
while the snow will splash diesel fuel